---

url: https://buttondown.com/cassidoo/archive/you-can-tell-how-smart-people-are-by-what-they/
date: 2017-04-06
number: 2

---

## Interview question of the week

## Interview question of the week

Last time we had some fun answers submitted online. Check out this fun one from Jordan Scales!\
This week's question:

**Write a simple postfix calculator function that takes in a string expression and returns the result.**

Example usage:

```
postfix('5 4 * 6 2 / +')
> 23
```

Here's a hint if you don't know what postfix is!

---

## Cool things from around the internet

Keyboard Connectivity: A Global Excursion in Making Stuff\
How to draw a Celtic knot\
7 fiction books that change the way you think

---

## Jokes

This one is courtesy of a friendly Lyft driver:\
A lawyer is sitting next to a woman on a train and is bored. He decides to make a wager with her to pass the time. The wager is that if he asks her a question and she doesn’t know the answer, she has to give him $5. But, if she asks him a question he doesn’t know he’ll give her $500. She reluctantly agrees to the wager.\
The lawyer’s first question to her is "what is the distance from the Earth to the Moon?" She doesn’t know, so she gives him $5.\
Her turn. She asks him a riddle: "What has four legs going uphill, three legs going downhill?" He gets on his phone and tries to look up the answer. Nothing. He calls his friends and they don’t know the answer either. He acquiesces and gives her $500, and stops playing the game.\
Later on during the trip, the lawyer begs her for the answer because its killing him. She gives him $5.

And another one that I owe y'all for missing last week:\
Why can't you use "beef stew" as a password?\
Because it's not stroganoff.

---

cassidoo
